Microsoft Build 2025 - Code example and exercise (#261)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_build_deploy: workshops/MSBuild2025/README.md

This folder provides a simple set of demos for the Microsoft Build 2025 Workshop.

There are 3 sets of tutorial materials here.

1. Chat Sample. This example we show how we can download and compress models using optimum-intel from HuggingFace. This approach allows developers to quickly obtain the latest models, and deploy them on devices on Intel processors (CPU, GPU, or NPU).
2. Whisper Sample. This example we showcase how we can perform speech to text with whisper from OpenAI. This tool is particularly useful for many applications such as notetaker, or other hands-free interactions. The code provided the example how to record a short clip of audio and process the audio on CPU, GPU, or NPU.

> 3. The YOLO-E. This example provides a simple API integration from OpenVINO. This example showcases how OpenVINO runtime can be integrated into other AI products. Our collaboration with Ultraltyics is a good example how user experience can be greatly improved by Intel hardware and software. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The YOLO-E. This example provides a simple API integration from OpenVINO. This example showcases how the OpenVINO runtime can be integrated into other AI products. Our collaboration with Ultralytics is a good example of how user experience can be greatly improved by Intel hardware and software. 

```
